police is the man. You know, I have had a mango. And these six years on
the story by that that you might imagine it has to do with the USSR
Food Service officer who? I got to leave rates way from the Philippines
Way home. He ordered enough mangles for the entire crew greens
that were more of us. Unfortunately, Warship Ship's company that is
raised in block aboard the ship and we pull into Hawaii. We had to
offload all fresh fruits and vegetables that did not originate in the
United States territory. Which man? I also figured this out was awesome.
Boss also figured this out. Six Asian sewage. We had a defection.
What? We call Oh, my go express we had I didn't know you could
make angle, shakes angle and gets my losing right. Oh, yeah. So we were
in India leaving millions in. It would be a good officer. I did
my best, but I have not had a mango. It's me